---
layout: post
title: Week 3
date: 2018-01-22 12:00
---

No weight loss last week, which I now attribute to that regular time of the month.  I believe it triggered more desire to eat sweet carby foods as well as caused gassiness, bloating, and cramps.  Lawrence reminded me how much it would affect my weight loss last time we did this, so I shouldn't beat myself up over it.

Yesterday I attempted my monthly 50-mile bike ride.  We did 32 miles.  By the time we left for our ride, it was close to 11am.  I had planned to head out by 9:30am.  Next time I'm going to hound Lawrence harder so we leave on time.  We could have pushed to make the ride back but by the time we were headed out, I think we were all too full, tired, and cold.  The last time we did any ride over 10 miles was also over 2 months ago.

I've been playing a LOT of Horizon.  It has cut into my food prep time.  I'm fully entrenched now, and my default action when I get home is to plop in front of the tv and turn on the PS4.  Then I continue playing until 1-2am.  Breakfast is easy enough to make... eggs, bacon, and coffee.  Vegetables take more time and effort, but I need the fiber.  It helps to do batches but I've spent all my weekend time gaming!

Making sweets is also not so great for myself.  The minty cheesecake I made was fine once I got used to the Stevia, but I ate way too much at a time.  I should stick to savory foods, which I feel are more filling.

Saturday, Amy and I walked to the Women's March.  When the march finally started, we marched the stretch of Broadway between 6th and 2nd.  Then we split off to Demi for the bathroom.  We ate lunch at Baldoria and then hung out for a bit at Lazy Brewing.  I spent the rest of the day at home unpacking, organizing, and throwing things away.

Things that I still need for home:

* Rack shelving - kitchen and bathroom.
* Push pins for hanging art.
