---
layout: post
title: On Youthful Romance and Self Reflection
date: 2018-03-07
---

Whenever the subject of childhood crushes comes up, my mind always goes back to one incident in middle school.  A boy (who had a crush on me) asked me if I believed in love at first sight.  I thought the concept was dumb, completely irrational and rooted in superficiality and an absorption with one's own fantasies.  For someone to say they love me after having only seen me in passing, barely ever talk to me (much less exchange deep thoughts), and not know anything about my personality and background first-hand... I thought it was the height of hubris.  "Loving" someone at first sight was the result of projecting your fantasies onto someone that satisfied your requirements for outer physical attractiveness.  What it said was that my intelligence, my personality, my wants, my faults, everything that makes me, ME, doesn't matter because you decided you loved me based solely on what you saw on the outside.  And if you thought that meant you loved what was inside, then you were delusional because you didn't bother to find out what was inside first.

Over the years, I've adjusted my take on the whole interaction and I've done a lot of self reflection over my own reaction.  The interesting conclusion I've come to is that I felt so strongly in this way beause I felt that my outside did not reflect my inside.  I was still searching for my identity and the balance between figuring out who I was and who I thought I was expected to be.  There were so many pressures to be certain ways - from my parents and family, from my teachers and classmates, from society at large, from the media I consumed.  I didn't feel free to explore who I wanted to be for fear of letting people down, or for fear of being seen as an imposter.  How early my imposter syndrome started!  As I get older and I care less about conforming to how I *think* I should be, I've realized how constricted I felt in the past.  I knew it was the case, even if I didn't think of it that way.  It created a cynicism in me that I called being a "realist" or just being "unromantic".  For all the fantasy and sci-fi books I consumed, I thought romantic fantasies were for dummies.

In meeting, interacting with, and then having to rely on so many different new people over the last several years, I feel that I've built up an ability to size people up within the first few minutes of interacting with them.  I worry that I'm doing the exact thing I railed against, but these opinions are based on years of experience.  When you're a teenager, you don't have those years of experience.  Even so, I know that I have to not get ahead of myself in judging people.  I also need to stop swinging to the other extreme in assuming people are more fantastically capable than they are as a response my own insecurities about myself.  Balance!
