---
layout: post
title: App List
date: 2018-01-17 11:30
---

I've cycled through several different apps in the past 2 weeks.  Here are the ones that I'm currently using:

* Lifesum - I'm using this as a food log, water drinking log, and accountability tool for staying within my keto macros.  The interface is nicer than MyFitnessPal, but some features are not ideal (recipe portioning, micronutrient tracking) and some features are not free (unlimited recipe entry, micronutrient display, body measurement tracking).
* Libby - For checking out ebooks/audiobooks from local libraries and reading/listening to them.
* Tinycards - Flashcards for reading Hiragana Katakana.
* JA Sensei - Writing practice for Hiragana & Katakana.
* Duolingo - The beta Japanese course has its flaws, but it's useful for learning basic vocabulary and sentence structures.
* 30 Day Fitness Challenge - A series of simple bodyweight exercises over 30 days.  It would feel more polished with real instead of computer generated voices, but hey it's free!

These I'm trying to get in the habit of:

* Taskade - Chrome extension to easily create checklists and view them as your browser's New Tba.  It's great because I'm in front of my work computer most of the week.  There's no mobile app so it's not so great for when I'm not at work.  It may be easier to organize and duplicate checklists than using GitHub... but maybe not.
* Simple Habit - For meditation.  I've downloaded a few other meditation apps to try also.
* Seventh Sphere - For Lenormand deck reading.  I find it helpful for contemplation.
* Asana Rebel or Down Dog - I'd like to practice yoga.  I found it was a great all-in-one way to get low-impact exercise and meditation.
