---
layout: post
title: Staying on Track
tags: [life]
date: 2018-01-31 11:00
---

Disruptions to my routine throw me off track easily.  Getting my period last week meant weight loss progress was on hold.  The bachelorette weekend with high school friends meant no dieting on the weekend either.  I'm 3 days into this week, and still working on re-establishing my routine.  I've been cheating on the diet a little too much and not prepping meals/buying groceries.  Luckily, my weight is still going back down from a high of 175 lbs on Monday to 172.6 lbs today.  I haven't practiced Japanese since last week.  I haven't read either.  Partially to blame is that every free moment at home I've been playing Horizon.  Work has been the anchor for my routines, being the only routine thing in my life.  It's a little sad for me because I don't like the idea that improving my life is so closely tied to my work, but maybe that's something I should strive to get over.

In other news... wow, in less than 2 weeks I'll be in Japan!  I want to enjoy it, but I'm still thinking about how that will be 2 weeks off my diet!  I've been putting off itinerary planning, but I think it's about time to get serious with defining options.

Also within the next 2 weeks... Code For America NAC elections.  I ran for the positions, verrrry last minute.  I had several people ask if I was running, and my immediate excuse for not was that I knew Anthony was considering running.  Then Hunter said I should run and that he would talk Anthony down from running if necessary!  Immediately after that Chris Whitaker from CFA messaged me saying someone had nominated me to run and that I should fill out the form.  I realized that I don't want to perpetually let myself use other people's actions to decide my own actions so I decided to go for it.  But I also needed to let Anthony know so that it wouldn't seem like I'm trying to undermine him when I knew he was thinking of running.  Turns out he decided not to run and that he wanted to focus more on Hack For LA.  Next internal crisis - how much effort do I put into campaigning and getting people to vote for me?!  I felt it was a nice baby step that I even stepped up to run, but with so many people saying they would vote for me and think I would be good for it... just having my name listed seems not enough.  I'd be letting people down if I don't put any effort into running.  Doing it for myself is apparently not enough of a reason, I need to do it for the people around me.  Do I tell friends to vote for me even if they've never been to a hack night?  Do I post on our Slack and ask members to vote for me even though many of them may not know me personally?  Hunter wrote a really sweet endorsement of me on Twitter.  Do I promote myself running on my various social media platforms?!
