---
layout: post
title: Elections
date: 2018-02-02 17:00
---

I think the last time I ran for anything was high school Winter Formal Queen, and you get nominated for that.  No, I did not win and I was perfectly fine with it.  Perhaps in an effort to protect my ego, I don't place any expectation on my ability to ever win an election.  Running for the CFA Brigade NAC is a tiny bit different.  I had a few people asking me if I was planning to run (and then they told me I should).  Someone actually nominated me and CFA central sent me the candidate form.  Some friends actually saw my name in the list of candidates and reached out to wish me luck.  Other friends endorsed me on social media.  All this support was so much more than I ever dreamed of.  It means a great deal to me that these friends went out of their way to vocalize their faith in my abilities.

I still have yet to make a public announcement for myself.  I don't want to screw it up by not knowing what I'm doing and then saying the *wrong* thing.  But... I can't let my friends' support go to waste because of my own low self esteem and insecurities.  If they have confidence in my ability, who am I to not trust their judgement?  I used to dismiss others' positive opinions of me with the excuse that they didn't really know me.  I could only use that as an excuse if I thought I wasn't presenting myself the way I saw myself.  I've improved a lot on that front by striving to present myself openly and authentically.  No more excuses, no more buts!  As Write/Speak/Code teaches - say "Thank You" - period.  Take in the compliment, let yourself accept it and then move on.

## So why *AM* I running?

It's not because I think I'm the best for the job.  Plenty of people know more about tech, public policy, government, community organizing, etc. than I do.  The other candidates are people I look up to!  I see it as an opportunity for me to make my contribution to something I'm passionate about.  And what is it exactly that I'm passionate about?  Civic tech, local communities, government, all that - yes.  But I've realized that even more than those things, I love empowering individuals, creating work that has value, and building relationships that turn into a community.  I want to do all of this, in the context of civic tech, local communities, and government.

I graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from UC Berkeley in 2006.  I went into a local government as a systems analyst / fullstack web developer / business analyst and that's what I've been doing for 10 years now.  Though I've spent the last several years working on developing myself, I still struggle at times with social anxiety and imposter syndrome.  It has been a constant learning experience since I first started attending local tech meetup groups 4 years ago.

Most of my career has been spent in my cubicle in front of a computer screen and forcing myself to socialize with strangers was one of the most nervewracking things I ever put myself through.  The community was small and close-knit.  It wasn't long before I could say I knew several of the local community leaders.  Because of their encouragement and my enthusiasm for what they do, I soon took on leadership roles myself.  Connecting with strangers and speaking in front of a crowd... all of it was terrifying to me to the point of nausea but it was worth it.

I've been part of Hack for LA leadership since late 2015, and I've been a co-captain for 2 of those years.  There's still anxiety, but I love developing relationships with all the amazing and talented people in our community.  Even when there are conflicts within the community, I'm compelled to embrace the situation and help resolve the conflicts.  If I get elected I can't guarantee that I won't be terrified, but I can guarantee that I'll be committed to doing my best.

What do I want to accomplish?  For me it's all about community.  I believe in the power of a group of people with common goals to accomplish great things.  By building a talented, supportive community, we can harness a power that is greater than the sum of its parts.  We take that approach within Hack for LA and I believe we need to apply that approach nationally as well.  Improving the bonds between brigades means we can better learn from each other, collaborate on projects, and spread what works.  Brigade members should feel included in their local brigade community as well as the national community.  My platform is as simple as that.  For me, focusing on the community is the priority.  No community means no efficacy.
